hey guys Jordan from Blue toast gaming
and we are at winwaker we'll be doing
the pictograms Jack Hughes on outset
Island here's just a quick view of all
the statues that you can get from outset
Island and let's get started first is
the crab crabs as located on the beach
pretty easy to find but also easy to
miss once you got you picture the crab
you gotta get to Nessa messes house is
located where the giant longing to be
mowed but he can only be accessed at
night at this point in the game so let's
return here at nightfall go inside and
take a picture
our next person is gaboon this is
actually only accessible at windfall
island do not go back in the cave talk
to the guy who gave you the the
pictograph and all that stuff and
eventually he will sell you the Maga
boon for 50 or no hundred and fifty
rupees he also sells other stuff so you
might have to go in and now and make
changes every day so once you finally
see Joe Boone click yes and there you go
next guy is Orca is so obvious I
probably shouldn't have to help you guys
just find out where pork is there's a
guy that gives you your first sword
teaches you all the sword techniques go
inside the house take a picture and
you're ready to go next one is his
brother he's right above just yeah right
above him go to the ladder on the right
go inside and take a picture of that's
big ol fat head of his brother and a
weird think about it and one little
beard
take a picture and you got it the next
one is sue bill sue bills obviously the
one that carries the pot around town oh
not the drug dealer pot but you know
what I mean next one there's a seagull
the seagull is hard for me to capture
because it flies around too much easiest
spot is where the sister usually was at
the beginning of the game tons of
seagulls just give you a camera out it
took me about five tries to try to
finally get a shot of the seagull in the
night and then Kelly got one next one is
Ariel
but you unlock Ariel I believe when you
take a picture of a grandma so it's
obviously Ariel and the grandma so go to
your house he might be sick depending
upon the game you run I just got done
healing her so he's fine good and just
take the picture you've done
the next one is the pigs just go to the
giant pig pen wait for him to get it
wait for the pig to turn around and get
you Scott next one is fat mama
oh well until they're all located in the
same spot so I just decided to merge
them all together go inside the house
with the piggies and they're all just
right next to each other so no one is
pretty easy
and finally the father Abe located right
outside where the pig is honestly this
last like minute of the video was like
the pig family pretty easy thank you for
watching